berikut adalah capaian pembelajaran
    Questions 1-10
‘The final battle of the War of 1812 was the Battle of New Orleans. This battle gave a clear
demonstration of the need for effective communication during wartime; it also showed the disastrous
results that can come to pass when communication is inadequate.
Line ‘The War of 1312 was fought between Great Britain and the very young couniry of the United
(5) States only a relatively few years after the United States had won is independence from Britain. The
United States had declared war against Britain in June of 1812, mostly because of interference with
US. shipping by the British and because of the shanghailng of U.S. sailors for enforced service on
‘British vessels. The war lasted for a litle more than two years, when a peace treaty was signed at
Ghent, in Belgium, on the 24th of December, 1814.
(10) Unfortunately the news that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed and that the war was officially
over was not communicated in a timely manner over the wide distance to where the war was being.
contested. Negotiations for the treaty and the actual signing of the treaty took place in Europe, and
news of the treaty had to be carried across the Atlantic to the war front by ship. A totally unnecessary
loss of life was incurred as a result of the amount of time that it took to inform the combatants of the
(15) treaty.
Early in January of 1815, some two weeks after the peace treaty had been signed, British troops
in the southern part of the United States were unaware that the war had officially ended. Over 5,000
British troops attacked U.S. troops. During the ensuing battle, known as the Battle of New Orleans,
the British suffered a huge number of casualties, around 2,000, and the Americans lost 71, all ina
(20) battle fought only because news of the peace treaty that had already been signed in Ghent had not yet
reached the batlefield.

    berikut adalah materi pembelajaran
    Mount Rushmore is a well-known monument in the Black Hills of South Dakota that features
the countenances of four United States presidents: Washington, Jefferson, Roosevelt, and Lincoln.
What is not so well known is that the process of creating this national treasure was ot exactly an
Line uneventful one.
&] Mount Rushmore was the project of the visionary sculptor John Gutzen de Ia Mothe Borglum,
‘who was born in Idaho but studied sculpture in Paris in his youth and befriended the famous French
sculptor Auguste Rodin. In 1927 Borglum was granted a commission by the federal government to
create the sculpture on Mount Rushmore. Though he was nearly sixty years old when he started, he
was undaunted by the enormity of the project and the obstacles that it engendered. He optimistically
(10) asserted that the project would be completed within five years, not caring to recognize the potential
problems that such a massive project would involve, the problems of dealing with financing, with
government bureaucracy, and with Mother Nature herself. An example of what Mother Nature had to
throw at the project was the fissure—or large crack—that developed in the granite where Jefferson
was being carved. Jefferson had to be moved to the other side of Washington, next to Roosevelt
(15) because of the break in the stone. The work that had been started on the first Jefferson had to be
dynamited away.
Mount Rushmore was not completed within the five years predicted by Borglum and was in fact
notactually completed within Borglum’ lifetime, although it was almost finished. Borglum died on
March 6, 1941, at the age of seventy-four, after fourteen years of work on the presidents. His son,
(20) Lincoln Borglum, who had worked with his father throughout the project, completed the monument
‘within eight months of his father's death.

    berikut adalah soal tugas pembelajaran
    Carbon dating can be used to estimate the age of any organic natural material; it has been used
successfully in archeology to determine the age of ancient artifacts or fosils as well as in a variety of
other fields. the principle underlying the use of carbon dating is that carbon is a part of all living
Line things on Earth. Since a radioactive substance such as carbon-14 has a known half lie, the amount of
(5) carbon-14 remaining in an object can be used to date that object.
‘Carbon-14 has a halflife of 5,570 years, which means that ater that number of years half of the
carbon-14 atoms have decayed into nitrogen-14, Ii the ratio of carbon-14 to nitrogen-14 in that
substance that indicates the age of the substance. If, or example, in a particular sample the amount
of carbon-14 is roughly equivalent to the amount of nitrogen-14, this indicates that around half of the
(10) carbon-14 has decayed into nitrogen-14, and the sample is approximately 5,570 years old.
Carbon dating cannot be used effectively in dating objects that are older than 80,000 years.
‘When objects are that old, much of the carbon-14 has already decayed into nitrogen-14, and the
minuscule amount that is left does not provide a reliable measurement of age. In the case of older
objects, other age dating methods are available, methods which use radioactive atoms with longer
(15) halflives than carbon has.

    berikut adalah jawaban mahasiswa
    Madison Square Garden, a world-famous sporting venue in New York City, has actually been a
series of buildings in varied locations rather than a single building in one spot. In 1873, P. T. Barnum
built Barnum's Monster Classical and Geological Hippodrome at the comer of Madison Avenue and
Line 26th Street, across from Madison Square Park. Two years later, bandleader Patrick Gilmore bought
(5) the property, added statues and fountains, and renamed it Gilmore's Gardens. When Comnelius
‘Vanderbilt bought the property in 1879, it was renamed Madison Square Garden.
second very lavish Madison Square Garden was built at the same location in 1890, with a
ballroom, a restaurant, a theater, a rooftop garden, and a main arena with seating for 15,000.
However, this elaborate Madison Square Garden lasted only until 1924, when it was torn down to
(10) make way for a forty-story skyscraper.
‘When the second Madison Square Garden had been replaced in its location across from
‘Madison Square Park, boxing promoter Tex Rickard raised six million dollars to build a new Madison
Square Garden. This new Madison Square Garden was constructed in a different location, on 8th
Avenue and S0th Street and quite some distance from Madison Square Park and Madison Avene.
(15) Rickard’ Madison Square Garden served primarily as an arena for boxing prizefights and circus
events until it outgren its usefulness by the late 1950s.
Anew location was found for a fourth Madison Square Garden, atop Pennsylvania Railroad
Station, and plans were announced for its construction in 1960. This current edifice, which includes a
huge sports arena, a bowling center, a 5,000-seat amphitheater, and a twenty-nine-story office:
(20) building, does retain the traditional name Madison Square Garden. However, the name is actually
quite a misnomer. The building is not located near Madison Square, nor does it have the flowery
gardens that contributed to the original name.
    
    berikut adalah yang akan saya minta
    1. berikan nilai skala 1-100 capaian pembelajarannya dengan aspek relevansi,kejelasan rumusan, keterukuran, kesesuaian dengan taksonomi bloom
    2. ukur capaian pembelajaran dari materi pembelajaran diatas
    3. ukur capaian pembelajaran pada soal tugas
    4. berikan penilaian 1-100 untuk masing masing mahasiswa pada jawaban tugas
    5. identifikasi persentase capaian pembelajaran yang belum dikuasai oleh sebagian besar mahasiswa dalam grafik batang
    6. berikan usulan perbaikan pembelajaran relevan pada instruktur terkait capaian pembelajaran yang belum dikuasai sebagian besar mahasiswa